README.md, before:

## Hi there! I'm Nishan 👋  

![](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=nis-han&color=green)
[![GitHub Nis-Han](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/Nis-Han?label=follow&style=social)](https://github.com/Nis-Han)
[![Linkedin: nishan100](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Nishan%20Singh-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/nishan100/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nishan100/)


<div align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/Nis-Han">
    <img
    src="https://github-readme-streak-stats-phi-opal.vercel.app/?user=Nis-Han&theme=vision-friendly-dark&hide_border=true"
    alt="My GitHub streak stats"
    />
</a> 
</div>

<div align = "center">
<a href = "https://codeforces.com/profile/Retarded_Ape"><img src="https://codeforces-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/card?username=Retarded_Ape&theme=dark" alt="Codeforces" width="360px"/></a><a href = "https://leetcode.com/Nis_Han/"><img src="https://leetcard.jacoblin.cool/Nis_Han?ext=contest" alt="Leetcode" width="375px"></a>
</div>

<div align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/Nis-Han">
    <img
    src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Nis-Han&custom_title=Nishan's%20GitHub%20statistics&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=vision-friendly-dark&hide_border=true"
    alt="My Github stats"
    width = "56%"
    />
</a><a href="https://github.com/Nis-Han">
        <img
        src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Nis-han&layout=compact&theme=vision-friendly-dark&hide_border=true"
        alt="My Language stats"
        width = "43%"
        />
    </a>
</div>


<!--
**Nis-Han/Nis-Han** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Added X.com ling and some description

README.md, after:

## Hi there! I'm Nishan 👋 🙋🏻‍♂️
[![GitHub Nis-Han](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/Nis-Han?label=follow&style=social)](https://github.com/Nis-Han)
[![Linkedin: nishan100](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Nishan%20Singh-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/nishan100/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nishan100/)
[![Twitter: Nis1Han](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/Nis1Han?style=social)](https://twitter.com/Nis1Han)
![](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=nis-han&color=green)

- 👽 I am a Competitive Programmer who is starting out with Open Source.
- 🏋🏼‍♂️ I'm used to working with C++ for solving DSA/CP problems.
- 🔧 And NextJS/Golang for real world Developement.
- 🌱 I’m currently working on improving my Software Dev skills. (NextJS & Golang)
- 💬 I love to talk about: Anime, Software deleopement, CP or anything else that requires brain storming.
- 📫 Want to chat?, don't shy away from [scheduling a meet!](https://cal.com/nis-han/hello-stranger)

### Here are some of my stats 😄
<div align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/Nis-Han">
    <img
    src="https://github-readme-streak-stats-phi-opal.vercel.app/?user=Nis-Han&theme=vision-friendly-dark&hide_border=true"
    alt="My GitHub streak stats"
    />
</a> 
</div>

<div align = "center">
<a href = "https://codeforces.com/profile/Retarded_Ape"><img src="https://codeforces-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/card?username=Retarded_Ape&theme=dark" alt="Codeforces" width="360px"/></a><a href = "https://leetcode.com/Nis_Han/"><img src="https://leetcard.jacoblin.cool/Nis_Han?ext=contest" alt="Leetcode" width="375px"></a>
</div>

<div align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/Nis-Han">
    <img
    src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Nis-Han&custom_title=Nishan's%20GitHub%20statistics&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=vision-friendly-dark&hide_border=true"
    alt="My Github stats"
    width = "56%"
    />
</a><a href="https://github.com/Nis-Han">
        <img
        src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Nis-han&layout=compact&theme=vision-friendly-dark&hide_border=true"
        alt="My Language stats"
        width = "43%"
        />
    </a>
</div>


<!--
**Nis-Han/Nis-Han** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
